the change is accelerating at mediaset as
one of the
group's new ceos is already in madrid and has
begun meeting with the main
faces of the networks and making the
first decisions
according to the confidential digital media
Salem arrived in madrid last week
initially it was said that paolo vasile would
remain at the network until the end of
2022 but alessandro has already begun to take
the reins and make his first
changes
internal sources revealed that they have already
given him a tour of the facilities
and are introducing him to the different
work teams and the main
faces of the programs with which he
is having one-on-one meetings
to understand the situation of each one
and transmit calm already clarified some
of the changes that are coming to
telecinco and cuatro which will point
towards a new model based on the
influence of political and
economic content taking into account that the year
2023 is an election year and that
paolo basi's model has fallen into decline
the group promised to maintain
existing jobs and increase
investments in local content is
also expected  midieset Spain
integrates with the European platform media
for Europe with which they want to compete
with other platforms such as
Netflix, they also talk about improving the
digital platform of mediaset to
adapt it to new
consumption habits. But one of the projects that has already been
defined for the year 2023
according to SD is the one that aims to reduce the
duration of sálvame to a maximum of two
hours by placing a space before and another
after the program of the factory of the
television.